fix aarch64 not able to restore snaps when SVE enabled (#4413)
firecracker-microvm/firecracker: CHANGELOG.md

  Now cpu-template-helper will print warnings if it encounters SVE registers
  during the conversion process. This is because cpu templates are limited
  to only modify registers less than 128 bits.
- [#4413](https://github.com/firecracker-microvm/firecracker/pull/4413):

>   Fixed a bug in the Firecracker that prevented it to restore snapshots of

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
  Fixed a bug in the Firecracker that prevented restoring snapshots of
```
